Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
PINSTAGRAM
FULL NAME - USERNAME - PASSWORD
SUGGESTED FRIENDS
FOLLOW
START
POSTS
UPDATE PHOTO
POSTS - FOLLOWERS - FOLLOWING
#ChangeOfLife #Traveling
TAG FRIENDS
POST
#FollowYourDreams #VibrateHigh
24.744 MORE PEOPLE LIKE IT
#MyFirstApartment
#BelieveInYourTalents #BarWoman
I LOVE YOU! I LOVE YOUR LIFE
TRAVELING AGAIN?
HI! YOU ARE COOL!
#MyBar #MyPartners
I don't know if you guys have heard
that theory...
...that if you want something
with all the desire in the world.
the universe conspires to give it to you.
Have you heard it?
Well. this is dumb.
If that was true.
Mexico would've won a World Cup a long
time ago. and cellulitis wouldn't exist.
But wishing is not enough.
You have to create it.
This place is packed.
I told you the bar was gonna be a hit.
partners.
"Partner" until you pay
your share of the bar.
It's my dad. he already sent me
a photo of the transfer.
But for some reason it's not in
my account yet. You know how banks are.
I already know
how you are.
You've been saying for six months
that your dad will send you the money.
and it doesn't happen.
It hasn't been six months.
Yes. baby. it's been six months.
Well. but...
Six very successful months. right?
The thing is you haven't done
what you said. aren't you ashamed?
No.
I'm not.
It's a shame that cutie is alone
right there.
Who is he?
I've had better.
No way. girl.
He's totally out of our league.
I've been with models.
Cheap models I bet. I've never seen you
with someone like that.
Sure. don't you remember the...?
-Okay. show us some photos.
-Photos of what?
-You take pictures of everything.
-No.
Oh. baby. for God's sake.
your whole life is on social media.
Or at least what they think my life is.
They say. "If life gives you lemons.
make lemonade."
To hell with lemonade.
-Are you going to take them?
-No.
I want a cocktail with champagne.
And if life gives me tepache.
I fake the bubbles...
until it turns to champagne.
Because to become the person you want
HELLO - DREAM BIG
you have to look the part first.
Americans call it:
Fake it until you make it.
And I have achieved it.
So. why are there no photos
of your models on your social media?
Because that's
what my private life is. It's private.
Oh. yes. of course.
-I've never lied.
-Lu.
I wouldn't lie. I've had guys like that
and a thousand times better.
I bet you whatever you want that
I can make this guy fall in love with me.
Anything we want?
Anything.
-How about your share of the bar?
-What are you talking about?
Yes. if the boy falls in love with Lu.
she will no longer have to pay anything.
But if she can't make it. she won't be
a partner anymore and will work for us.
It's the moment of truth. Penalty kick!
They're leaving everything on the pitch.
Deal.
How long did we have until the wedding?
How could you leave me hanging like this?
It's like you're standing me up
at our wedding.
And you don't even have the guts
to answer the messages. the calls.
-You know what?
-What?
-Go fuck yourself.
-Me?
Who are you? Bring me the check.
I want to go to the hotel.
Are you leaving? No. No.
The match is not over yet.
Argentina versus México. are you kidding?
That's not a football game. Please.
Well. Mexico just scored another goal
and now we are winning.
We are going to catch them in the rematch
and give them what they deserve.
As always.
Bring me the check. I want to go.
No. because today is a lucky day.
I'm one of the owners here.
So the next drink is on me.
I'm one of the 15 best bartenders
in Mexico.
I have some cocktails that will blow
your mind. Tequila. mezcal.
-Tequila. Bring me a tequila.
-Tequila.
But put that juice... What's it called?
Grape? Fruit?
-Grapefruit?
-That's it. grapefruit.
Would you like to take a look at the menu.
just in case you want to eat something?
I already did. and honestly. it looks
like shit. It's like a menu for cows.
No. this menu was designed by me.
Yes. I've been a vegetarian
for eight years.
Your Argentine accent is amazing.
Here's your drink.
The check.
How's it going with your drunk friend?
We already talked about the match.
menu recommendations...
And he said something
about taking my clothes off.
I know. my plan is working.
Better think of a plan B.
because plan A is slipping away.
No. I came to tell you that we're leaving.
Girls. you tend the bar.
Are you okay?
Everything is fine.
Did you hurt yourself?
Because slips are the leading cause
of death among Argentines.
Because they're always
on their high horses.
and whenever they get distracted. boom...
they fall back to reality
and the fall is deadly.
So. you're a waitress. a vegetarian.
and a comedian. Good. huh?
-Wow!
-Careful. careful.
-Oh. what a nice wind.
-No stairs. we'll use the ramp.
-Thank you. Thank you. waitress.
-Of course.
I am not a waitress.
I'm an owner of this bar and I'm one
of the ten best bartenders in Mexico.
-Ten?
-Yes.
In there. you told me 15.
What happened? Did you kill five of them?
No. I said that just to see
if you were paying attention.
It's very cold. isn't it?
Thank you.
So what are you. eh?
Are you a fashion model?
Are you fucking with me?
-No.
-I own a bookstore.
Don't you want to take advantage
of this good lighting?
Look. Look how pretty the city looks.
-What are you doing?
-I'm just taking a picture.
-With a kiss?
-Don't you like women?
I like women.
I love them. But I don't like you.
The Argentines believe
that they were born from gods.
-You're jealous.
-I'm not jealous.
It's just that you're really hot.
Really hot.
But if the lights went out.
who would you impress?
Who do I have to impress? Who? You?
I would if I liked you.
No.
-It's here.
-Okay.
Yes. It's here.
No.
That way.
Mexico controls the ball
but Argentina...
Mexico!
And the shot... very close!
Yes.
Don't move.
Hey.
My name is Lu.
Yes.
-Diego.
-Nice to meet you.
It is here.
-It is here.
-Give me your key.
Take it. take it.
This is a credit card.
-Okay.
-Here we go.
-Just a little.
-It's nice.
DO NOT DISTURB
Diego.
-Hello.
-Good morning.
-Where do I leave your breakfast?
-I didn't order breakfast.
Mr. Diego ordered it.
Yes? Did he order it for me?
Do I have to pay?
-No. it's already paid.
-You can come in.
He remembered I'm a vegetarian.
-Would you like me to serve you coffee?
-Yes. please.
Diego Quiroga.
Details to fall in love for.
Hashtag "vegetarian breakfast."
Hashtag "couple life."
THE WHOLE OF YOU COMES TO MEET ME
AND FOR A MOMENT WE BOTH DISAPPEAR
The whole of you comes to meet me
And for a moment we both disappear
How cute.
Right? And thoughtful.
The breakfast thing was amazing.
Yes. Partners?
No. not partners. You slept with the guy.
so what? He was very drunk.
No. he wasn't that drunk.
otherwise he wouldn't have done
all he did.
-What did he do to you?
-Tatiana.
Do you have evidence?
According to yesterday's bet.
I'm officially a member.
I said "make him fall in love with you".
not sleep with him.
Yes. girl. Fer said "fall in love".
He is very much in love. he even cried.
-Did he cry?
-He cried when I left.
But he had to return to Argentina. so...
If he is very much in love.
he will surely come back for you.
Then we'll see if you won the bet.
What if he doesn't come back?
It means that it was only
a one-night stand.
Yes. friend. technically
it would be a one-night stand.
And the bet?
Then you would have lost it.
There are many reasons
why he can't come. He's very far.
So. he would do anything
for you to go there. right? It's love.
-He told me to go. in the note.
-That note has no address.
He left me this note...
with an address.
Lu. if he really wanted for you to go.
he would have left you a ticket.
And so he did. obviously.
But what would I go there for?
I can't leave you guys on your own.
Girl. my dad has a cousin
who lives in Argentina.
He worked as an actor.
portraying a villain.
He's a little weird.
but I'm going to give you his number.
Lu is not going.
How is she not going? He is handsome
and he left a ticket for her.
He didn't leave her anything.
It was just a one-night stand.
You're so bad.
Okay.
I'll go to Argentina. with the ticket he
bought me. because he's in love with me.
So you know I won the bet
and I'm a partner.
Tequila.
Take care of the bar.
Girl. write to my dad's cousin.
-I'll send you his contact info.
-Okay.
What a thrill! It's like a romantic movie.
One that could be called
International Harassment.
It's not enough.
Is there something else I can do?
Maybe if you do some layovers.
Yes. I will do what is necessary.
-Passport.
-Sure.
First time abroad.
Yes.
27 HOURS LATER
TATI'S FRIEND
-Tona?
-Do you want an autograph?
Take this.
What? What does your sign say?
"Tati's friend".
I'm Tati's friend.
Sorry. My brain is an artistic volcano.
And inside of it.
the spaces of creation converge...
along with passion and action.
Come on. I'll help you.
Thanks.
What? Something happened?
I have to go through here.
because the other door is stuck.
Okay.
-Thank you.
-Of course.
My name is Lu.
Your name seems oriental.
No. it's Lu from "Guadalupe".
"Lupita." Lu.
I am Tona.
Tonatiuh.
-Where are we going?
-Of course. Sorry.
Here.
-Give me my glasses. they're in there.
-Here?
Let me see.
-He's handsome. right?
-Tona!
Don't worry. child.
Everyone drives horribly here.
They drive like they talk.
Hey. did you come here just for him?
No. I didn't come just for him.
I came for tourism.
You met one night. had wild sex.
and traveled to the end of the world...
just to conquer it.
How did you do that?
Tatiana told me.
Tona!
I swear. for a second I believed you.
No. you didn't believe me.
You lived it with me.
Because I'm an actor.
Whatever you need. let me know.
Good luck.
Thanks. Tona.
We are about to close.
I'm looking for Diego... Diego Quiroga.
-Professional or personal matters?
-Personal.
-Up the stairs.
-Thanks.
Diego. how are you?
I'm not here just for you. Of course not.
Your wallet was one of the reasons.
Would you like to show me Argentina.
as a thank-you gift?
Fake it until you make it.
Diego.
Diego?
Hello?
Diego.
-Why are you naked in a bookstore?
-What? No. This is my home.
Well. it's not like
I haven't seen this before.
What are you doing here?
No... I asked for you and a kind granny
told me to go up the stairs and that's it.
Your face looks familiar to me.
Do we know each other?
Yes.
-Your name is?
-Lu.
-Lu?
-Yes.
-The Mexican.
-The waitress. the vegan. the comedian?
-No. vegetarian and owner.
But what are you doing here?
I... I brought your wallet.
You came just to bring the wallet.
-all the way from Mexico?
-Obviously not.
You're not a psychopath who falls in love
after a one-night stand?
-Tell me you didn't come just for that.
-I didn't.
-No? Do you swear?
-No.
I brought you... I brought you a tequila.
You came here for one night of sex.
-One night of what?
-Of sex. Leave this there or take it.
-There's the door. Leave it there.
-No. I didn't...
Hey. I didn't come for a night of sex.
Okay. No. It was because of the chemistry.
No? Also. I...
No. What happened is that...
I'm not one of those crazy people
who create stories in their head.
I thought you...
Because you left me those notes.
-What notes are you talking about?
-With the vegetarian breakfast.
The breakfast was included at the hotel.
But not a vegetarian one.
Vegetarian?
It's called a continental breakfast.
-But what about the rose?
-It was part of the decoration.
Did you eat it because you are vegan?
I didn't eat it. because I'm a vegetarian.
What can you tell me about this?
-I don't know what that is.
-This is what you wrote me.
"The whole of you comes to meet me
And for a moment we both disappear"
-It's a poem.
-I know. from Sabines. I love it.
You wrote it. asking me to come.
I write poems to make bookmarks.
for the bookstore.
Look...
There.
Diego. give me three days.
If you get to know me.
you will fall in love with me.
-Five.
-Five?
This way we get to know each other better
and we can take more photos.
Four.
-You wouldn't dare.
-No?
-I came to the end of the world. Diego.
-Three.
Just so you know. I faked my orgasm.
Oh. my God. all four?
-It was three.
-Two.
It was three.
Your mom is calling you. Why don't you
take the call? I'm gonna stay here.
No.
Maybe she left you a message. Check it.
Maybe you'll change your mind.
One. Bye.
Out.
Good evening. Police station.
Hello. I dialed by mistake.
but everything is in order.
Oh. God...
The self-improvement books
are in aisle three.
Diana. a few moments ago.
a girl came up to my house.
A crazy one. Don't let anyone go up to
my house. It is not part of the bookstore.
-Please.
-Of course.
Okay.
You can go.
I will close the bookstore.
Hi. Mom. listen to me.
If you're calling to apologize for not
being able to come to the wedding...
Why should I apologize
for a mistake you're about to make?
Will you let me explain?
What do you want to explain to me?
You get excited and then you give it up.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
TELL US EVERYTHING
Diego. remember
when you saw a photo exhibit.
you loved it and you set up a studio.
hiring many people.
Then you saw a TV show
and bought a food truck.
Then you wanted to be a yoga teacher.
a diver. and you abandoned everything.
But tell me. when did you meet this girl?
That's what matters most to me.
Eight months ago. Well. a little less.
Do you realize that is crazy?
In three months. the problems will begin.
LIBRARY EL SUR
You will not know how to solve them.
the woman will get tired.
and you will end up crying.
drunk. in a seedy bar.
You know what? You're wrong.
I'm going to get married.
then I'm going to be a father
and you'll have grandchildren.
Just so you know.
I'm going out to dinner right now
with the love of my life to celebrate
the fact that we love each other deeply.
Are you both at the bookstore?
I'm on my way.
Are you in Buenos Aires?
Of course.
I'm five blocks from the bookstore.
I came to meet my future daughter-in-law.
I'm not going to stay for the wedding.
Don't wanna see your asshole of a father.
I'll see you soon.
Hey!
Waitress!
Vegan. Mexican!
Hey! Stop. please stop.
-Leave me alone. I'm leaving.
-I know. I'm sorry.
-I was rude. don't go. I need your help.
-Yes.
-About what?
-A lady will arrive. elegantly dressed.
in her sixties. My mom.
I need you to pretend something
for me. Please.
-Pretend?
-Yes. That you are my girlfriend.
Look who's getting ideas in his head.
You are wrong.
-No. no. wait. please.
-No.
You are my Argentine girlfriend.
and we are getting married in three days.
-You and I are getting married?
-Yes.
Okay. Get on your knees.
-Yes
-Yes.
-Please...
-Just kidding. Diego. stop.
Pretend you're Argentine.
you do the accent very well.
If she asks you something.
you just say "okay"
-or "gorgeous."
-Gorgeous.
No. it's better you don't talk.
It's... It's that one.
Try not to talk
because she doesn't like Mexicans.
-Why does she hate Mexicans?
-Ma.
Did you want to meet her?
Here she is. Lu. Lucía.
It's a pleasure to meet you. Lucía.
We canceled dinner. Mom. we're too tired.
Tell me which hotel you are staying at
and tomorrow I'll visit you
and we can chat and...
I'm hungry.
Me too.
Gorgeous.
-Hi. son.
-Nice to see you.
Hello.
Let's go to dinner. Yes.
I will close the bookstore.
drop the suitcase off and we can go.
Where did you get that suitcase?
We found it in the street. and I was going
to keep it in case the owner came back.
You're crazy. that suitcase stays here.
You don't know what's inside.
the suitcase stays here.
-She's right.
-It stays here?
-Yes. we have to leave it.
-It stays.
-Okay.
-Yes?
Come on! What's happening?
You seem like a couple of fools. Let's go.
Is your mom always like this?
She makes me nervous.
Yes. Let's go.
Mrs. Martina. good evening.
your table is ready.
Thank you very much.
I'm also going to show you
some cuts of meat...
I'm sorry about the suitcase. I'm going
to replace everything you had inside.
You better. because inside I had Chanel.
-Gucci. Christian Dior. and Prada. and...
-Well. I'm just asking...
that you pretend to be Argentine.
Tell me. silly. why does
she hate Mexicans so much?
The story is long but to give you an idea.
when I was a kid. I wasn't allowed
to watch El Chavo del 8.
I mean. that's not normal.
She hates Christian Castro.
Verónica Castro. Ricardo Arjona.
-Arjona is from Guatemala.
-Well. for her. they are all Mexican.
What is her problem?
-Do we live together?
-No.
-How long have we been together?
-Eight months.
Guys. let's eat some meat. Come on.
You shouldn't talk too much.
so she doesn't notice your accent.
-I don't know what you mean.
-You better not talk.
This menu is like Noah's Ark.
-Do you want me to give you more time?
-No. we're ready to order.
Chitterlings. well-done gizzards.
Later we will eat ribeye.
flank steak and rare steak
-with blood. lots of blood.
-Lots of blood.
Please. you know me.
In my family. eating meat
is like a religion.
In fact. my mother's family members
were devoted to it all their lives.
To religion?
-To the farm. little girl.
-Anything else?
Yes. Three still waters. please.
-I...
-No bubbles. and the usual wine.
Can I order something?
-Of course.
-A salad...
with green spinach. anything green.
Of course.
It's just that I don't eat meat
for dinner. It's too heavy.
But today you're going to do it.
you can't let me down.
-Okay...
-Excuse me.
-What wine did I order?
-The usual.
Can you go check. please?
No. but I'm sure you asked for the usual.
Go check it.
You must think that my age
affects my lucidity. right?
To be honest.
I don't know much about medicine.
You are very funny. right?
Look me in the eyes.
I believe that we are all the same.
no matter our age or where we came from.
I was just thinking
about where you're from.
And looking at you
I realize that you are...
a very humble girl.
You've been dating for eight months.
and will get married?
What are you looking for?
Love.
Look. Diego is my only son and he is going
to inherit a cattle empire.
And you know that.
No. I didn't know anything.
Now I know because you keep saying it.
Sorry?
Where is the wine?
It's taking a long time. don't you think?
There is something about you
that I don't like.
It must be my eyebrows.
I will explain to you
so that you know a little.
When my father died. no one trusted me.
Do you know what I did?
I invited all the managers of the company
to one of my slaughterhouses. I welcomed
them dressed in an apron full of blood.
and I gutted a cow in front of everyone.
Gutted?
I grabbed the piece of meat
that was hanging from a hook...
I stuck in the knife...
I split it in half...
and I took out the entrails of the animal
and showed it to them.
And I said.
"This is what you guys love to eat."
Some threw up and others became
vegetarians for the rest of their lives.
At least it did some good.
Can I change the knives?
-Please.
Did you understand what I said?
It is very sharp.
-Is everything fine?
-Wonderful.
You have a weird accent.
-Are you from the mountains? Córdoba?
-From Veracruz.
-Veracruz?
-From Santa Fe de La Veracruz.
...Veracruz.
So. are you from Córdoba or Santa Fe?
-In the middle.
-Oh. borderline.
-Near north.
-North?
-Near the river.
-What river?
-Bravo.
-Caterina.
-They call it "Bravo". it means fast.
-Very fast.
-Here you go. Enjoy it.
-Thank you.
Take that away right now. please.
Let's take a photo.
-Photo?
-She loves it.
What the heck is Cointreau?
-Why did you bring all them back?
-Customers didn't want them.
They don't taste like Lu's drinks.
Hey. look at this.
Dinner with my mother-in-law.
a successful woman.
Hashtag "my new family".
Hashtag "we are so alike".
Aren't you going to eat the chitterling?
She's on a diet.
so she can look good in the dress.
I should worry more about you
than about the dress. don't you think?
And your voice.
True. I also have to take care of my voice
because I sing. you know?
-Do you sing?
-No.
-Do you sing tango?
-Of course I sing tango.
Argentines love to sing tango
and eat beef.
What is your favorite tango song?
My favorite? There are many.
"Volver"?
-"Volver".
-"Volver"?
-What?
-Of course. that song is very well-known.
I'd say it's a classic.
What is the part you like the most?
All.
But there must be a part
that you like most.
"Return.
I want to return to your arms again."
You are joking with me.
-This girl is kidding.
-Yes. it's a joke.
-It was a little joke.
-I didn't tell you. my mom.
-she doesn't like jokes.
-She doesn't?
-Don't put the napkin on the table.
-Excuse me.
She knows it.
It doesn't look like it.
I'm ready. "Volver".
"Return with my forehead all wrinkled.
My temples turned silver
by time's snowfall."
-Turned silver?
-That part is beautiful.
What are you looking at?
What? I'm just looking down. because...
Because for me this is very deep.
it touches my soul.
And my soul is a volcano...
where the winds of passion.
creation. and action come together.
That's why I love her. I love her.
Excuse me.
Here is your steak.
-Serve the steak to the lady.
-Of course.
-Mrs. Martina. what would you like?
-Give me some roasted steak.
-Of course. What about you. sir?
-Thank you.
Gizzard.
It's hot.
Enjoy it.
So? You have to try the meat.
I have already tried this cut of meat.
it is very good.
Try this one.
How is it?
Juicy.
It's hot.
She's nervous because of the wedding.
I'm well...
well above my limit.
We had a good time. right?
Yes. too good.
Mom. I will take you to your hotel.
We're close.
No way. First we take the lady
because I have to talk to you alone.
Tomorrow. We'll talk tomorrow.
It's rude. we'll take the girl first.
Where do you live?
-I...
-Mom. you make her nervous.
La Bamba Street. number 805.
-La Bamba?
-Pampa.
Pampa.
805 Pampa Street. We are close.
So let's go to 805 La Pampa.
Gorgeous.
Why are you moving so slowly?
As a precaution. Mom.
That... That's my house.
The one with the wooden door.
Let's see.
Where are we? Does anyone live here?
Yes. but they're Mexican.
For God's sake.
They are buildings from the last century.
but they are very sturdy.
-Yes. They are sturdy.
-Very.
Bye. Go. Go.
-You guys have a lot to discuss.
-Yes.
We are not going to leave.
we cannot leave you here alone.
Open the door. go inside.
and then we'll leave.
Honey. don't tell me
you lost your keys again.
Yes. I lost them.
Let's go back to the restaurant.
Yes. let's do that.
-We probably left them here.
-Yes.
Do you live with someone else?
Yes. I do.
With my dad.
Dad.
Dad!
Hey! Watch out.
It's me.
-Lu?
-Yes.
Hug me. while I explain what's going on.
But not so strong.
Speak with an Argentine accent.
not like a Mexican.
Argentine.
He's my dad.
Antonio. Tona. Martina.
Nice to meet you.
And he is Diego.
Oh. my pleasure.
The neighborhood is a bit rough.
so I like to be prepared.
You do the right thing
by being prepared.
Do you wanna come in?
No.
Yes. let's go.
Martina. but you left your purse
in the car. didn't you?
-Yes. Let's go.
-You're right.
-And my phone.
-And your phone.
I know where it is.
I don't have time to explain
but I need your help.
-Okay.
-You are my dad. Okay?
And Martina can't know
that we're Mexican.
Can you speak with an Argentine accent?
Che. I'm fabulous.
I'm not just fabulous.
I am spectacular.
What. didn't you like it?
Incredible.
-We're getting married in three days.
-You and I?
No. Diego and I.
-Congratulations. Lu.
-No.
I remember those days.
carrying you in these arms.
And I told myself...
my own blood...
and now I only imagine
you dressed in white.
arriving with me. walking down the aisle.
What are you doing?
I'm getting into character.
I'm not going to get married. not even
as a joke. We're lying to Martina.
Why are you doing that?
At this point. I don't know either.
No!
No. No.
You brought us to Mexico.
Martina hates Mexico.
What is all this?
Hey. hey. calm down.
-We have to get rid of this.
-But why?
Hey!
We have to get rid of this.
Lu. you're freaking out.
-Don't do that. Please.
-What?
-No. no. no!
-These belong to my wife.
She died three years ago.
Tona. I'm sorry.
Okay. we should continue.
Yes. I would like that.
We have to continue
with your boyfriend and his mom.
Oh. yeah.
Who. by the way. doesn't look bad at all.
Tona.
Sorry. my love.
I just wanted to say that...
she looks very healthy.
Don't think badly of me.
Okay.
Here you are.
My apologies. my daughter is shy.
and I'm not well-dressed.
And she didn't want her mother-in-law
to see me dressed in a bad way.
I was listening to some tangos
while drinking vermouth.
And reading the newspaper
to see how my soccer team is doing.
We're not gonna stay.
We just came to bring Lu. We're leaving.
I'm here for a couple of days
to find out absolutely everything
about my future daughter-in-law.
We can meet at the wedding. right?
No. I will not be here on that day.
What a shame.
How about going to dinner tomorrow?
With a tango show.
Tango?
No. Tomorrow. we have many things to do.
Doesn't seem like a bad idea to me.
I don't usually go to those tourist traps.
Promise?
See you there. Martina.
Let's go.
We'll walk you out.
Have a good night.
Bye. my love.
Bye. darling.
Bye...
Thank you.
-No way.
-Unbelievable.
-Do you have more of those patches?
-Up there.
Diego.
It looks delicious.
It's warm.
What is this? Vegan breakfast?
Continental. right?
Right. Continental.
So. you were going to Mexico. and then?
I was going to go to Mexico and...
the day before. I started feeling
that everything was weird.
Everything was different.
I arrived in Mexico. I turned on
my phone and had a lot of missed calls.
I called her and the call...
It was very brief.
She told me that she didn't want
to marry me.
And from that moment on. she wouldn't
answer my calls or my messages.
Lu. I'm just asking you to continue...
pretending we're in a relationship
for two more days.
Two days.
I don't know.
I don't like this pretending.
In addition to the clothes. in addition
to the first-class plane ticket...
you can ask whatever you want.
Whatever I want?
I can't believe this!
He proposed to her.
No way. no way.
No way.
-Let's go.
-Gorgeous.
The pronunciation is a little bit softer.
Gorgeous.
-Are you gonna keep shopping?
-Of course!
It already hurts.
What hurts?
My wallet.
Your wallet?
After so much shopping. I'm now starving.
That's a little exaggerated.
It's lighter.
Like this?
-The H shouldn't be as heavy.
-Okay.
It's too strong.
You can also use it with the T.
-Taking.
-Take it.
-John Lennon.
I have to take this weed
to John Lennon.
We call weed "Mari".
No one would say that.
but it sounded better.
-Yes?
-Yes.
-Better?
Argentines seem to be deflating
when they speak.
It's because they have to take a breath
to fill themselves with ego.
The truth is that...
People from here. from Buenos Aires.
when the French arrived.
we changed our accent.
with words like champagne.
champignon. et cetera.
Diego. stop joking around.
I'm not kidding. this is true.
Lu...
This boutique looks great.
So I'm going to marry Lord Bull.
Owner and lord of the cows.
No?
No. I don't own anything.
my mom owns everything.
If she decides not to leave me anything
and instead donates everything.
I will not see a dime of her fortune.
That's why she always wanted
to be independent.
She don't give you credit.
It's "doesn't". not "don't".
But tell me. why do you say that?
Did you buy this condo with your money?
And the bookstore?
No. my mom helped me a little.
But I'm going to give it back. All of it.
Do you like it?
Yes. It fits you well. Do you like it?
Yes.
I'm going to change.
The cows moo in the humid Pampas.
While they ruminate
on the freshly eaten grass.
they ignore the thugs
who pass by in Malón.
who have kidnapped a girl.
But a brave pawn confronts them...
on behalf of Argentina.
I guess the flickering
Of the lights at distance
They mark my return
They are the same ones that lit up
With its pale reflections
Many hours of pain
I haven't danced the tango
for a long time.
Let's dance.
When this is all over.
I'll take my mom home to sleep.
And tomorrow morning.
after I drop her off at the airport
and make sure she's gone.
I will buy you a ticket to Mexico.
-Okay. perfect.
-Yes.
-Is that okay?
-Yes. it's perfect.
What do you think about them?
They look healthy. strong.
I'm talking
about their relationship. Tona.
They're deeply in love.
However. your daughter seems...
I don't know. she's a bit weird.
Are you telling me
that you don't like my daughter?
No. what I'm saying is that
I don't find her to be...
very affectionate.
Well. maybe your son also has his issues.
Do you think I like that my daughter
is marrying a spoiled man?
If you want us to be honest.
let's tell each other everything.
And you already told Lucía all this?
I don't have to like him.
She's the one marrying him.
Look at them.
What could go wrong for them?
I hope you're right.
I'm sorry. Tona. but my shoes...
I can't stand them anymore.
Yes.
Hey. we have a problem.
Your mom is suspicious
of your relationship
because you don't seem affectionate.
What are we supposed to do?
I don't know. I'm just telling you.
And I'm leaving.
because my wife is by herself.
-What?
-Sorry.
-Your mother.
-Respect. Tona.
-Yes. sorry.
-Okay.
Yes.
My mom is so young.
-Let's act a little.
-Okay.
Yes?
Yes. but a little more noticeable.
What are you talking about?
-Like there's laughter and affection.
-Got it.
-It was too much.
-I noticed it.
So get a little closer.
Wait for me.
Grab the phone.
This is so cute. let's make a video.
What are you doing?
Ready?
No way.
Come on.
Let's go.
I'm coming. damn it.
Bye.
What are you doing?
-Why did you do that?
-Let's save it.
We have to show my mom
that we love each other.
Okay.
Do something.
You have very beautiful skin. you know?
Really?
Yes. but it looks horrible over here.
I think age affected you quite a bit.
-What's up with your hands?
-Nothing.
They feel like sandpaper.
I thought you were exfoliating me.
It is because they are the hands
of someone
who has actually worked in their life.
Not everyone is a princess.
-You are not a princess.
-Nope.
Hence the mustache.
-I don't have a mustache.
-No?
You see?
I told you everything is fine.
Yes. apparently you were right.
We must leave them alone.
If they're not under pressure.
things go better.
Not always.
When you feel like something feels heavy
inside of you...
let it go.
Let it go.
Thanks. Tona.
-Let's dance.
-I don't know how.
Is my mom looking?
Should we leave through the back?
Through the back?
That's it.
I don't know how to dance.
Just like this.
-Easy. To the right.
-It will be embarrassing.
No. Your leg to the front.
-There.
-There you go.
Now. sideways.
Come back.
Sideways again.
And your leg.
That was cheating.
I don't want to play anymore.
-Actually no.
-Lu.
Easy.
Trust me. close your eyes.
Seriously. Diego. if you make me...
-Let me lead you.
-...fall over.
Nothing is going to happen.
We walk to the side slowly.
Turn. That's right.
Thank you for sharing
this magical night with us.
What's happening?
She is no longer watching.
So you are an actor?
Yes. film. television. theater.
And do you work here?
Yes. exactly.
You put on a show.
That's it.
Nice. Tona.
They got applause and everything.
Yes. I'm a little embarrassed.
We have to go to sleep. Mom. We have to be
at the airport early tomorrow.
Do you have to go now?
I really don't have anything urgent to do.
You're not going to be at the wedding.
At least stay one more day.
Do it for them and for you.
The truth is that.
after what you just told me.
my ex-husband and the Aztec mummy
are not going to get
anything else from me.
for the rest of my life.
Can we watch the game?
Around the corner from Diego's bookstore.
there is a bar.
How does it sound?
-Great?
"Do it for them and for you."
Are you serious?
Martina is not as bad as you think.
She better tell you how she gutted
a baby cow to impress some men.
Also...
I think there's something going on
between the two.
Between Diego and me?
Between Martina and me.
I saw it clearly in her eyes
when I told her...
"When you feel something heavy
building up inside of you...
drop it and let it go."
Tona. did you flirt with her using
a catchphrase from a laxative commercial?
That's pretty low. isn't it?
Can you imagine...
a double wedding?
There will be no double or single wedding.
There will be no wedding at all.
It is a real shame.
How long have you owned this bookstore?
Two years. Almost three. actually.
What about you with the bar?
Two-- No. six months.
Six months. But before.
I was an employee there.
That's how I met my partners.
They went there every weekend.
Then I heard the owner was going to sell
the bar. so I convinced them to buy it.
They come from a family with money.
Like you.
How great. But are you also a partner?
Did you also invest money?
Yes. of course.
My dad has a trust that...
It's complicated.
-But he...
-Lu...
Even you don't believe that.
Neither do you.
The truth is. I don't have a dad.
He left when I was little.
and the only thing he left
was a book by Sabines.
That's why I knew the poem
that I thought you wrote for me.
I've given up on my partners.
but I think that after this trip...
I will have the money.
Why after this trip?
What are you going to do?
Why does your mom hate Mexicans?
And who is the Aztec mummy?
My parents traveled to Acapulco
to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
And on that trip. they met
a very beautiful and elegant woman.
She offered them a yacht for purchase.
They bought it
and put it in my dad's name.
In the end. it turned out that
this woman was my dad's lover.
-No.
-Yes. and there they are.
sailing around the world. happily.
Some time later.
my mother received the divorce papers.
And they were sent with a tequila sunrise.
No.
Yes. just as you hear it.
If you knew my mom a little more.
you would understand why this is so.
It was difficult for her.
she had to raise me on her own.
I think she was a bit overprotective.
A little.
What did you say?
I said "a little". not much.
I am working on it.
What were you doing in Mexico?
I went to visit some investors who wanted
to open a bookstore like this one.
And what happened?
My fiancee broke up with me via text.
And the truth is that I wasn't
in a good mood for business.
I see.
FINAL ARGENTINA VS MEXICO
TODAY 7:00 PM
To the side.
Mexico may obtain something.
Damn!
What happened?
I miss Lu.
I miss her too.
Now. the Argentinian team...
What if we put on a song by Luis Miguel
after the game. like she used to?
No. that would make it worse.
Who will dominate the ball?
Down!
No! That's a foul!
It's a foul!
This son of a bitch referee!
Oh. God. I'm going to break this.
-No. no!
-Stop!
This is not possible!
-Stop. stop!
-Easy.
Fucking ass!
Is your mom always like this?
No. she gets worse.
For eight years he has missed goals.
This is passion.
Motherfucker!
-Fire.
-Oh. please.
-It's a storm.
-Through there. Yes!
Shit.
Diego.
Oh. no. too many cooks spoil the soup.
It's been so long. How have you been?
-Good. good.
-Yes?
Yes. let me introduce you to Lu.
She is my fiancee.
Your fiancee? Where?
Here. Behind the gem.
How cute.
We've known each other for so long
and you always preferred a good physique.
I see you changed your preferences.
Quite a lot.
After a certain age. I began
to care more about brains.
I have a master's in astrophysics.
And feelings.
I have a foundation
to help orphaned children.
-I'm kind of...
-Pure crap.
Martina. Is the game so bad?
I wasn't exactly referring to the game.
I imagined.
Your mom never changes. does she?
She is the worst. A total snake.
You are the only one who has to shine. Go.
Okay! How cute is this meeting. right?
But I think it's time to go back
to the table. with your mom.
-Yeah. come on.
-Can we go with them?
I came with some friends.
Only if you don't mind
the fact that I was Diego's first love.
No. you were not my first love.
You learned everything from me. Diego.
-I don't have any problem.
-Nope?
-He already told me about you.
-Yes?
-And all those who came after.
-Yes.
Those too.
Honey. she needs to see
the photos of the proposal.
-Come on. show her the photos. love.
-No.
Thanks. what a nice moment.
We have to tell him
about our honeymoon plans.
You know what?
I'll just sit at another table.
-this way it's easier with the check.
-No!
Thanks. See you.
Congratulations on your marriage. Diego.
Thank you. thank you.
it was nice to see you.
You were incredible!
Hey!
No. it's very cold here.
Look over there. there's the match.
Argentina! Argentina!
Hey. hey. hey!
-Hey. hey. hey!
-Let's go!
Please don't let yourself
be overshadowed by that woman.
We'll be back
We will come back again
We will be champions again
Just like in '86
We'll be back. we'll be back...
-Stop the singing.
-Why?
-Don't play along.
-We're singing. Mom.
Stop.
Just like in '86...
Lucía. you are the one
who has to lead. Let's go.
-Let's go.
-Just like her.
The stadium chanting.
They sing it during the games.
I don't know how to sing it.
-So?
-I can't sing.
I have to take care of my voice.
You have to sing. come on.
Mom. don't bother Lucía anymore.
You bother me. Enough.
Ladies. gentlemen.
She is getting married tomorrow.
That's why she has to sing. Sing.
We'll be back. we'll be back...
Why aren't they singing? She just sang it.
Don't they know it?
We just sang this one. so you have
to pick another one. Do you know others?
Yes.
-Don't make me look bad. Lucía.
-Of course.
-You are going to help me.
-Me?
-Yes. Yes.
-Come on.
The one that... Dad.
You taught it to me. actually.
If you push her. she gets uncomfortable.
Smooth!
Look. she's singing.
My heart is on the court
-Smooth!
We will always... win
It's a popular song.
Blue-- White. and sky blue
As I always dreamed
-As I always dreamed of you
-Smooth!
My heart is on the court
White and sky blue
As I always dreamed of
-As I always dreamed of you
-Smooth!
My heart is on the court
Smooth!
We will always win
White and sky blue
As I always dreamed of
As I always dreamed of you
No. no. no. Let's see.
That was very weird.
What happened. baby?
This is a Mexican song.
As if she was...
Mexican.
Come here. you.
Come here! What did you say?
That this girl is not Argentine.
she is Mexican.
Mexican? Little bitch!
Free shots for everyone!
Wait. wait.
Who is going to pay for all this?
Me. her mother-in-law.
Thank you.
I could not avoid it.
I shouldn't show you the video.
Did she post it?
It's a viral video.
-Viral?
-Viral.
As I always dreamed of you!
I want you to try the dessert I made.
Don't fuck with me. you don't know how
to prepare desserts. please.
Never in his life.
Well. I ordered it.
but I'm going to serve it.
You can never lie to your mother.
The girls took care of the drinks.
No worries.
Hey. what's for dessert?
Lu... What do you like about Diego?
I already realized
what Diego likes about you.
But what do you like about him?
Speaking of Diego.
I like that he is brave. I like that.
Brave?
Yes. he tries to do many things.
And he almost always fails.
But he takes risks. he is brave like you.
My dear girl.
You are also brave.
Okay!
Tona. darling. bring me a drink.
"Dear". huh?
In a moment. darling. Anyone else?
I'm fine. thanks.
I'm fine too. dear. thank you.
Sometimes he is a fool.
A little jealous too.
A little.
With me too.
-Right. my love?
-Sorry. I didn't hear it.
I've never seen him like this. ever.
Neither have I.
It's so cute.
Yes.
Dessert is coming.
Cheers.
Something happened?
Martina.
This drink is very strong.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
but what kind of liquor is it?
We should cut down on alcohol a bit.
No. don't fuck with me. please.
It's my last night with you.
What kind of liquor is it?
EMBOSCADA
AGED TEQUILA
It's... It's...
-No. no.
-You don't remember?
No.
It looks like the girl
is the drunkest of all.
What happened?
Something happened.
I dropped the bottle.
But the cat is fine.
What happened?
I'll tell you what's going on.
I don't think you need to know
the whole truth.
The bottle that Lu just threw...
-What was it?
-Was it whiskey?
No. it was tequila.
Tequila?
Yes. what happened is that Dad
-came with his wife--
-Yes. the Aztec mummy.
He came.
he brought a royal tequila
and Tona served it to you
without realizing it.
Did he want to ruin
my last night with you?
That was it.
It seems very unfair to me.
Because they're coming to your wedding
and I am not.
But I know something. Tona told me.
"When you feel something heavy
building up inside of you. let it go.
Let it go."
Unclog-it Plus.
What?
It's good for you. Martina.
Wait. I don't understand
what's being said.
That I will stay for your wedding.
-What?
-No.
Wait. Dad confirmed that he's coming
with the woman.
I don't give a fuck about the Aztec mummy.
She won't rip my heart out again.
Because this time around.
l know how to defend myself.
But I won't miss your wedding.
And much less with this incredible woman.
Just so you know.
Cheers!
Cheers.
Will she be all right?
It's weird that she hasn't left the room
and won't make a sound.
Let's hope she doesn't remember.
Come on. come on.
there are many things to do.
But why do they have these faces?
It looks like a funeral. not a wedding.
Let's go out. I have to buy my dress.
-Dress.
-Of course.
Do you want to come with me?
No... No. I'd love to.
But I have a lot of things to do.
Yes. Mom. the wedding day is a problem.
We have a lot to organize.
I'd be delighted to come with.
You're so old.
Just like wine.
Dad. remember.
you promised to come with me.
To...To that.
It's...
Forgive me. Martina.
but I have to go with you.
Excuse me. You have everything
organized for the wedding.
but I'm missing my dress.
And I want to remind you that
there are only ten hours left.
Bye.
-Bye. Mom.
-Cheers.
Be careful going down.
Yes.
How many shampoos
do you have up there?
I've got...
-Like 16.
-I didn't count them.
It could be. Was it enough?
Yes. I used all 16.
Diego. we can't get married.
It would be crazy.
And what do we do? Do we run away?
Do you want to do the same thing your
asshole daddy did? To me? To your mom?
We have to tell them the truth. Now.
I can't. I'm...
I'm a failure.
Diego. you are not a failure. Hey.
You're just single.
It's just that I've never. in all my life.
seen my mom so happy.
Never. and I'm a coward.
Because I could have stopped this sooner
without involving you.
I swear. I don't want to hurt anyone.
Well. we all make mistakes and tell lies.
Assuming we get married.
what happens then?
My mom goes home...
and you go back to Mexico.
And then what happens?
You're going to tell her a different lie
every time she asks why I'm not here.
We get married. and months later.
I'll tell her it didn't work out.
I'll be like everything else
in your life.
Like the photo gallery. like the museum.
like the food truck.
We have to get married.
What if you say no at the altar?
No. no. listen.
It would be like your mom said.
that we want to give ourselves more time.
that we want
to get to know each other more.
Diego. you have to say no at the altar.
Say something.
It makes a lot of sense.
Okay. I'll say no...
I'll say no.
I can only think about what I really want.
What do you want?
LOVE
You look nice. Tona.
Handsome.
Your wife is beautiful.
I'm going to take care of everything.
Let me worry about it. You relax.
I'm ready.
The groom must not see the bride
in her dress before the wedding.
Tona. it's a fake wedding
It really is a fake wedding.
Of course.
How do I look?
Gorgeous.
You're not supposed to see her. idiot.
Beautiful.
My wife's wedding gown.
You look divine.
My wife and I never asked for children.
But we would have loved
to have someone like you.
No. No tears.
I need you to be calm.
Meanwhile. I'll fix everything else.
Are you sure you can organize a wedding?
It was unavoidable.
Sooner or later this had to happen.
What?
Going from actor to producer.
We are going to produce a wedding.
The budget.
We need a budget.
We need cash. credit cards. everything.
Money. funds.
bills. dough.
Benjamins.
Excuse me. I'm going to get ready.
Thank you.
Do you think...
it's prudent that Tona
takes care of all that?
You're forbidden from seeing me.
I'll see you at the church then.
See you there.
UNION OF ACTORS AND EXTRAS
Can't believe it's stuck again.
Graciela. where did you take the computer
to get fixed? It's stuck again.
Shitty computer.
LUCRECIA COPPOLA
SECRETARY
The director's niece.
I hear you.
I need 30 extras
to pretend to be invitees at a wedding.
When are you shooting?
We won't really be recording.
Is it a play?
Not that either.
I don't know how to explain.
If you don't know. I don't know either.
Is it a performance?
Yes.
I would need 15 men and 15 women.
more or less.
When?
For today.
Oh. for today.
Graciela. track down 15 men
and 15 women for today.
And tea for today too. Anything else?
Yes. I need half the people
to be like me.
Seniors?
Just like me.
Oh. an LI.
-LI?
-Latin International.
That's it.
LI. 15. due today!
I'll tell you what.
if they have to talk...
they charge extra.
No talking then.
No talking.
I have to hurry. because I'm picking up
a surprise for my daughter.
-Ready. we stay like this.
-Greetings to your uncle.
We don't talk.
-No?
-No.
It's noticeable.
Yes. See you later.
Graciela. the tea!
Lu. I have a surprise for you.
What?
What are you doing here?
What do you think?
Did you want to see if all this was true?
How could you do this to us?
Do what?
Get married without us.
Oh. that.
Everything happened so fast.
And I didn't think
my partners could come here.
Lupe. we are not your partners.
We are your best friends.
No. we are your sisters.
We have always admired you.
You are brave. daring.
If Tona hadn't told us. we wouldn't
have found out about your wedding.
You look beautiful.
But it's going to be
a super small thing. tiny.
Then we'll see if we do something else.
Well. it won't be so tiny.
I don't think so.
We agreed it would be small.
You know how Tona Productions works.
Son. you look amazing.
I told you. right?
Three times just today.
I'd have to go back in time
for all of them.
Don't be bad.
Can you believe I don't see
your father anywhere?
I called him and asked him not to come.
I don't want any drama.
Can I tell you something?
I could care less about him.
Good for you.
-Who are all these people?
-Friends. Mom.
But I don't know anyone.
They're Lu's friends.
-But if...
-Look. Charly! You know Charly!
Charly.
I met Charly at a booksellers
convention in Lima.
What a good trip.
-Yes.
-Wait. Charly.
What do you think of Lu?
Tona! There's Tona.
There's Tona.
Tona!
Are you nervous?
And Lu. where is she?
Waiting for you to come in
to meet her at the altar.
I have to talk to her.
Excuse me. gentlemen.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry for not believing you.
There's your mother-in-law.
See you inside. partner.
-I love you.
-I love you too.
Thanks.
Sit down.
Look...
I just wanted to tell you that...
you are the best thing
that could've happened to our family.
And now I can rest easy...
because Diego found his soulmate.
Thank you for being so authentic.
You are the most authentic woman
I have ever met.
Thanks.
I love you. my girl.
Me too.
These are all extras?
Almost every one of them.
What do you mean?
It is not easy
to convince a real priest
to let us use a real church...
to host a fake wedding
with a fake priest.
And how did you convince him?
I didn't convince him.
The priest is a real one.
This decision they have made...
is transcendental.
It requires maturity...
and responsibility.
It requires sincere and mutual love.
And love for God.
Do you understand?
-Yes. Father.
-Yes.
Well. Diego...
do you take Lucía.
to be your lawfully wedded wife.
to love and respect her...
til death do you part?
Yes.
I do.
I can't say it.
Jackass.
Lucía...
do you accept Diego
as your lawfully wedded husband.
to love and respect him
till death do you part?
No.
What?
My God.
Sorry.
Sorry. Father.
Forgive me. Diego.
I can't marry you like this.
Martina.
My name is not Lucía.
My name is Lupe.
From Guadalupe.
I am Mexican...
and vegetarian.
And all of this is a lie. it is a farce.
We don't know anyone here.
No one here is family or friends.
The two of them are my friends.
although I don't think they will be
after what I'm about to confess.
Diego is very cute.
He is to die for.
But he lacks guts.
Father. excuse me.
You can hand me the list of
Our Fathers that I'll have to pray
so we can get even.
Diego is scared.
He is very afraid of letting her down.
Martina. sorry...
but he's panicking that
you won't accept him
when all he wants is for you
to be proud of him.
And what am I doing here in all this?
I pretended...
I pretended that Diego wanted me here
when I knew he didn't.
But that's what I do. I pretend.
I pretended until I got it. and I got it.
I pretended I was a bartender
until I made it.
I told my friends
I had money to invest in a bar.
promising them money from my dad.
but I don't have a dad.
I have no family.
Tona is the closest thing I've ever had
to a family. and it was all fake.
If I faked all this...
it wasn't because I thought
you and I had a thing.
I faked it because I made a bet
with my friends...
with my remaining shares of the bar...
that I could make you
fall in love with me.
Forgive me.
No. where are the keys?
-No--
-Lu!
No. no.
I know I'm not what you expected.
Sorry.
And that I am a farce.
that you no longer want to be my friends.
Don't talk nonsense.
Guadalupe.
There is nothing to forgive.
We are your best friends.
We are your partners.
We are your family.
You are very brave. baby.
Very brave.
Can you get out?
The front door is locked. and
if I don't get in first. I can't drive.
-Oh. Tona.
-Come.
Forgive me for getting you into all this.
It's not fair.
No.
Being your father has been
the best role of my life.
-Hey.
-Let's go!
Inside. inside.
Let's go.
No. not my ass!
Hold on tight.
Babe. are you the groom?
I mean. because of how you look.
-Yes.
-They told me the wedding was called off.
Well. I don't know
if I should congratulate you.
I'm just telling you. you have to pay me
every penny for all the work
we've done. We belong to a union.
-Did you understand that?
-Yes.
Done deal.
Hey. extras!
The wedding has been called off.
Let's go to the van. I'm in a rush.
What's going on?
Why did everyone lie to me? Why?
I've always felt there was
something weird with Lu.
And have you thought that
it was your son who lied to you?
Martina.
Didn't it occur to you
that your son lied to you?
She is no longer in Argentina.
-No.
-And her name is not Lu.
My name is not Tona. either.
My name is Tonatiuh.
Tonatiuh?
That's right. nice to meet you.
Tonatiuh.
And Lu and I are Mexican.
Listen to me very clearly.
I have instructions
to not let anyone pass.
And I'm determined to say
that you can't go.
-No. no.
-Please!
-But. please.
-Enough!
-Stop it!
-No.
This is my mom. Diana.
What's happening?
Look. Diego...
all my life I fought to be respected...
but I never fought to be loved.
Can we talk. please. son?
Your drinks.
Thank you.
-Thanks.
Tequila?
Did you order tequila?
I fell in love with tequila.
I want to tell you that I feel very silly.
Because I always suspected Lu's accent
was weird.
I would have loved if all that story
you made up was real.
And I went looking for you because...
I wanted to tell you
that you are not a failure.
I don't know. all my life...
you worked very hard
-to list all the times I failed.
-No.
I listed the times
you didn't fight for what you wanted.
That's why I beg you
to fight for love this time.
Fight.
Diego...
What?
I love you with my heart and soul.
I love you. old lady.
You are so handsome. Be strong.
Cheers.
Harsh.
Like life.
DELETE PHOTO
Oh. girl.
I don't like to see you like this.
Dull. sad. disillusioned.
Blue.
Believe it or not.
I learned a lot from him.
Hey. didn't you catch that disease?
The hostage who falls in love
with the kidnapper.
-It's called...
-"Stockhole" Syndrome.
Stockholm.
But no. not at all.
I decided to go there.
He didn't force me.
There were a lot of bad decisions.
-from both of us.
-Equally.
That's right.
Hello. who is Lu?
Me.
Someone asked me to deliver this to you.
JAIME SABINES
LOVE POEMS
LU. CAN YOU COME OUT?
The whole of you comes to meet me
And for a moment we both disappear
We get into the mouth of God
Until I tell you I'm hungry or sleepy
Every day I love you
And I hate you irremediably
Diego. what are you doing here?
The difficult part was not
choosing the poem. The difficult part...
was choosing the words to say
when I had you in front of me.
Lu...
you made me see that my life
had reached a point of no return.
And since I met you...
my life changed.
When I said yes during the wedding.
I wasn't faking it. It was true.
I want to marry you.
It's for real.
I can't ask you to marry me now
because I sold the ring.
and gave my mom the money back.
And I sold the bookstore...
and everything else.
-You did what?
-I sold everything.
In the end you were right when you told me
that I would surely end up...
living in Mexico.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
But I know what I came here for.
To fight for you.
Are you going to say anything?
When things aren't perfect.
what are you going to do?
I'll fight.
I'll fight with much more desire.
What about you?
I'm so happy that I've arrived
To the right place
My mother sent them.
as a gift.
She doesn't hate
Mexicans anymore?
No. in fact. it's quite the opposite.
-Tona?
-Tona.
Yes. but let's not talk about it. please.
If you want something
with all the desire in the world.
the universe conspires to give it to you.
Do you remember that?
Lu Sanchez. do you take Diego Quiroga
as your husband?
Yes. I do.
And by the power vested in me by the law.
I pronounce you husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Do you know why Argentines go out
in the street during electrical storms?
Why?
Because they believe
God is photographing them.
Well done.
Do you know why Mexicans
-don't go to the Olympics?
-Why?
Because all those who can run and swim
have already crossed to the United States.
Want to hear something that's not a joke?
I love you.
I love you too.
Long live Mexico!
-Long live Argentina!
-That's right!
Cheers!
Translated by: Josue May
Creative Supervisor